# Ubuntu 20.04 clean installation ... (Not working).

- **Issue #:** 1414
- **State:** closed
- **Created:** 2021-03-21T11:51:19Z
- **Updated:** 2021-03-22T10:50:15Z
- **URL:** https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/1414

I open this ticket hoping could help me and somebody in the same situation. Trying to install RocM 4.0 on ubuntu 20.04 (Clean) simply it does not works. 
I have AMD Ryzen 5 on Asus B350M + RX Vega 64 on Ubuntu 20.04. (According to documentation this configuration should be more than supported)

I followed exactly

https://rocmdocs.amd.com/en/latest/Installation_Guide/Installation-Guide.html#ubuntu


The first problem is that kernel 5.8 is not supported and rocm-dkms does not work. This is documented, it is unfortunately not documented how to work around.

The way I did is to install kernel 5.4.0-67 with

`sudo apt install linux-image-5.4.0-67-generic linux-headers-5.4.0-67-generic`

I force to install amdgpu for the kernel 5.4.0-67 with

`sudo dkms install amdgpu/4.0-23 -k 5.4.0-67-generic`

I rebooted selected 5.4.0-67 and tried

/opt/rocm/bin/rocminfo

The result:
`ROCk module is NOT loaded, possibly no GPU devices
Unable to open /dev/kfd read-write: No such file or directory
i-bird is not member of "video" group, the default DRM access group. Users must be a member of the "video" group or another DRM access group in order for ROCm applications to run successfully.
hsa api call failure at: /src/rocminfo/rocminfo.cc:1142
Call returned HSA_STATUS_ERROR_OUT_OF_RESOURCES: The runtime failed to allocate the necessary resources. This error may also occur when the core runtime library needs to spawn threads or create internal OS-specific events.`

in dmsg i found

`dmesg | grep amdgpu
[    2.338814] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_bind_pasid (err -2)
[    2.339078] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_set_invalidate_ctx_cb (err -2)
[    2.339244] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_free_device (err -2)
[    2.339758] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_unbind_pasid (err -2)
[    2.339781] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_init_device (err -2)
[    2.339976] amdgpu: Unknown symbol amd_iommu_set_invalid_ppr_cb (err -2)
`
while /dev/kfd does not exist.

Does anyone have an idea of what is going on ?


