# [Issue]: 

- **Issue #:** 2908
- **State:** closed
- **Created:** 2024-02-20T12:15:32Z
- **Updated:** 2024-06-19T19:50:34Z
- **Labels:** ROCm 5.7.1, AMD Radeon VII
- **URL:** https://github.com/ROCm/ROCm/issues/2908

### Problem Description

I am using UBUNTU 23.10 with Vega 64 using the latest ROCm 5.7 drivers. This started when I upgraded to 23.10. Was not happening in 22.04 or 23.04.

In Wayland, it always crashes the gnome session and I have to hardware power off the system. It also sometimes makes a weird pixelated image on the screen, kind of like static with both firefox and brave broswers.

In xorg session only firefox seems to crash the session but weirdly it just "logs me out" to the welcome screen. Brave works fine.

I thought it was a mem issue but I have run memtest twice now with all tests passing for the whole night. I have also run prime95 successfully on both windows and ubuntu now for 5-6 hours as well just to stress the system for both CPU and mem and no issues there.

Bug on ubuntu launchpad
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/2045584

### Operating System

Ubuntu 23.10 Mantic Minotaur

### CPU

AMD Ryzen 7 1700

### GPU

AMD Radeon VII

### ROCm Version

ROCm 5.7.1

### ROCm Component

ROCm

### Steps to Reproduce



Can be easily replicated by having vega64 gpu:

- install rocm drivers on ubuntu 23.10
- run firefox or brave browser and open speedtest.net
- let test run and move your mouse around 




### (Optional for Linux users) Output of /opt/rocm/bin/rocminfo --support

Had to remove the rocm version as it was causing issues so do not have access to rocminfo


### Additional Information

_No response_